yeah you know the code but what's my
nickname it just only won a Tony be you
on the payroll and I'm famous in the
family I'm a new one just got called in
from Roma they normally not wrong I'm
practically the mayor of organized crime
mom you telling me you never heard my
nicknamed him my cell phones are going
up I should take this call could be the
boss yeah okay some of the other cars is
the area and free of any of them though
tony vee's that day what's the
carnevares password here's the fam
earthlight tenor bass sanatana yes oh
you're legit hey do not only these
nicknames Toby's dad only visa what's
this phone a legal mania I don't know
nothing about him all right me see if I
can I don't help anything that's gonna
screw me up oh that's smooth you didn't
give me any how who you are jerk
hello hello you hear what was last
night's password ready flat 15 I'll so
tender tender outdoor sorry about it
yeah that's the password sometimes I
forgot me you know you and me about
south hey you know what the phone your
keys and Nicki name is hahaha oh yeah I
started to like to call himself and it's
only the killer free water media I
couldn't agree more nice job in two
big-name you're really sitting in with
these lobster slide maybe you should
switch me get it apart with the killer
bee yeah sure in it screw it i'm walking
around like this i'm here oh maybe the
cat present study bad for that base base
base panel okay so big shot what's a
manic neck oh come on everyone's eye
hurta Tony that he loved Nia you're at
the terror of every player grounder from
here to Cecily hahaha funny least i'm
not on guard duty during carnival who's
got the last laugh now suffer guy me
that's all
don't take too long that guy comes back
to chat I'm out of here Thanks why
you're so supportive got real skill
these aren't decryption that like it
always takes me like 20 minutes to
figure those things out you're just
flying throw that's right slide is bad
with guess is is oh crap I'm just going
to stop talking now isn't hurting my
favorite character in the process take
that coffee espresso caffeinated
beverages um this looks like the
Contessa's place Wow okay
oh I see it's pressure-sensitive oh cool
hold down the button lately I haven't
done this in a while the sky wait is
that it 113 I'll try it
awesome yes right yeah there it must
have been late to an alarm
we need to hide out back in the safe
house pedal arm is your checking all
kinds of guards hungry we've got the
blueprints to the tar vacuum our work
here is done elf would be good but time
all right let's see let's go badly we
got to get out of here we need to get
back to the safe house just taking care
of some guards so you don't get her ass
is pummeled all right yeah Jaffe fleet
ah the safety of the safe house so
by the alarm clock the Bentley because I
said I would so next is there's tar ball
and a turf war oh I'm going to pause
here for now and I will be back later so
thanks for watching everybody I'll see
you later bye bye